# Biweekly meeting 12/9/2020


Updates:
1. Requirements 
    * Held review last week, incorporated comments, and completed document draft
    * Requirements doc submitted to Lisa Christensen
    * Currently inside one week review period with the following reviewers (distributed 12/7):
        1. Mike Zelazny
        2. Jingchen Zhou
        3. Jeremy Mock
        4. Shantha Condamoor
        5. Amedeo Perazzo
        6. Eric Fauve
        7. Matt Gibbs
        8. William Colocho
        9. Shawn Alverson
        10. Kristi Luchini
    * Submit for signatures next week
        1. Bryce Jacobson
        2. Tim Maxwell
        3. Alex Wallace
        4. Debbie Rogind
        5. Matt Gibbs (Taking Peter Schuh’s place)
2. Revised deliverables for December
    *  Completed requirements document submitted for sign off
        * Status: In progress and on track
        * Time requirements going forward: Ad-hoc revisions
        * Action items: Send review reminder 12/10
    * Phoebus Alarm Server evaluation report
        * Continuation of work from research in September
        * Status: Beginning to look over modules and server structure
        * Time requirements going forward: Majority of the next week
        * Include matrix with other platforms? CONSENSUS: Yes
    * Phoebus Alarm Server demo
        * Status: Not started
        * What actions should be covered and what will the demo format be?
        * Who is the target audience? Is it this group?

## Notes:  
EW: Going forward will consistently check in with Matt Gibbs, William Colocho, someone from Debbie’s group  
EW: Report deliverable will consist of:
* Percentage of requirements met with Phoebus
* General software stack
* Performance metrics
* YES: include tool matrix
* How will system team maintain + deploy?
* Section on community use and development

ACTION ITEMS: Include report needs in circulations

Demo:  
MG: Can be done on dev: IOC hosting 5-6 pvs, define rudimentary alarm tree, see summary works correctly  
EW: Will require read access for acknowledgments  

CONSENSUS: Skip summaries for now  

GW: For confidence in moving forward, will want to demonstrate symmetry btw pydm and phoebus trees

MG: Understanding of first demo, taking phoebus out of the box, seeing if decent starting place  

CONSENSUS: Demo in jan will be show summaries with phoebus tools, but not necessarily pydm integration.
