# Biweekly meeting 4/14/21

Date: 4/14/21  
Attendees: Greg White, Ernest Williams, Jackie Garrahan, Mike Zelazny, William Colocho, Jingchen Zhou  


## External review?  
* WC, MZ, GW: Good idea  
* Cryo should be represented in review (Tasha, one other, William will circle back)  
* * Could demo the Grafana log viewer  
* Send invitation to external folk  
* Will hold kickoff zoom meeting  
* Collect and document recommendations  

## Signature list:
* Doesn’t have to be same list as requirements  
* AI: Ernest suggested list  
* Will circulate to group afterwards  

## Tags
* GW: Presumably we’d have a list of predefined tags (element type, mad name) enforced by SLAC specific schema
*  Will keep title/value, handle both (DS supports and uses both)

## Enforcement of CATER assignments with acknowledge/byass
* Enforced by design of user interface 
 
## Acknowledgement removal
* Could make mistake, makes sense to be able to remove
* Do not need to remove feature


AI: Add service management tools in the design document
